[MAKOTO]
Ikebukuro is the best.
It's in the northwest part
of downtown Tokyo.
An area full of skyscrapers...
...and department stores...
...where we live
our lives in peace.
Yeah, it's about to go down.
[MAKOTO]
Right on time!
We're reaching the overpass!
I've got a clear
visual on the car.
[JUNKIE yells]
Hey, get back here, you junkie!
[MAKOTO] Everyone's polite
and follows the rules here.
People smile and say hi as
they walk down the street.
--There he is!
--We found him!
[JUNKIE chuckles]
[JUNKIE grunts]
[JUNKIE]
The G-Boys?
[JUNKIE gasps]
[JUNKIE]
King!
He's here!
All right!
[CROWD cheering]
Die!
[JUNKIE grunts]
[CROWD cheering]
Damn, what a knockout!
So cool!
Good work, Makoto. Thanks.
You always gotta hog
the fun part for yourself,
hey, Takashi?
[MAKOTO] We're about
love and harmony.
It's the friendliest
place on earth.
Yep, that's why
Ikebukuro's the best!
[music playing]
Well, what's the
sitch this time?
Spill it.
[MAKOTO]
Hm?
Do you remember that junkie
we chased through traffic
the other day?
This is related.
[MAKOTO]
Is that some new makeup trend?
[RITSUKO]
Nice to see you, Takashi!
Ritsuko, hi. How are you?
Oh, dear!
A pretty little girl like you
ought to keep her face
nice and clean.
That's a girl?
[RITSUKO]
What do you think, genius?
There we go. Much better.
Right then.
Don't you have important things
you should be discussing
with your friend?
I can stay and look
after the fruit stand.
Make yourself useful
and watch the girl.
How 'bout we call
the shots, Mom?
So, kid, you got a name?
Yeah, it's Mion.
[MAKOTO]
And your age?
I'm 12. Why, you planning
something sketchy?
All right, here're your orders!
One miso ramen!
And the usual for Makoto.
Fruit ramen with the works.
Sweet. Let's dig in!
I think he's the only
reason they bother keeping
that mess on the menu.
Okay.
Sorry 'bout the wait, King.
One Tournedos Rossini
with foie gras.
And this is a ramen joint?
[MAKOTO]
Yeah, some ex-G-Boys run it.
What the heck are
you talking about?
And while we're at it, who're
you weirdos supposed to be?
You mind telling me
what your deal is?
You really don't
have a clue, huh?
I see. You must not
be from around here.
So, the G-Boys.
They're a tough crowd
who hang out in Ikebukuro.
This guy's Takashi Andou.
They call him their King.
You could say he's
the guy in charge.
Oh, that big guy's Hiroto,
his number two.
So how about you, Mion?
What's your story?
Listen, we're not gonna
hurt you or anything.
Is there something
I can help you with?
[MION crying]
My mom needs help.
What they did to
her was terrible.
[TAKASHI]
So yeah.
A few of my guys caught
Mion trying to light
a whole building on fire.
It was the North
Gate Smoke Tower.
[HIROTO]
You know the one.
That dark skinny hi-rise next
to the station that sticks out
like a sore thumb.
There's lots of shops inside
hawkin' all kinds of drugs.
Lately, there's been
more noise than usual.
Thanks to the traffickers and
everything they bring with 'em.
For one, the guy who
went postal on the road
was trippin' on something
he bought there.
This girl's mom ended up in
the ER after getting run down
by some other junkie.
[TAKASHI]
The perp is on probation.
He's broke, so a
decent settlement
is out of the question.
Bad places like that should
be burned to the ground!
Don't try to stop me.
I'll keep lighting it up till
it's nothing but ashes!
Mion, where's your father?
Who knows?
It's always been the two of us.
You know,
I never see her at home 'cause
she works late to pay the bills.
Through the weekends.
And even on holidays.
It just isn't fair!
[TAKASHI] You've been dealt
the same hand, Makoto.
I'm sure you can relate.
Listen up.
Let's consider this
an official request.
Help me drive the North Gate
dealers out of Ikebukuro.
The G-Boys don't like
rats selling on our turf.
Do whatever it takes
to get the job done.
You really have a soft spot
for weepy kids, don't you?
Like you're the tough guy here.
Okay.
What should our next move be?
Are you one of those
G-Boys as well?
I'm just a regular
fruit vendor, kid.
Takashi and I are just
old friends, that's all.
For this kinda puzzle... Yeah.
I think I know just the
guy who can help us out.
Like a friend of yours?
You really the chief of police
and not a scammer?
I'm the real deal.
I've been acquainted with Makoto
since he was a youngster.
He knows the city better
than anyone I know,
so I've had him assist me
on cases quite a few times.
Reiichirou Yokoyama.
But I like to call him Big Rei.
Graduated top of his
class at UTokyo.
So he comes in handy sometimes.
Go ahead, don't be shy.
It's my treat, so order
anything your heart desires.
Um, thanks a lot, mister.
Now then.
Let's get down to business.
There's a decent amount
of detail to cover,
and we don't want to keep
Mion out too late, do we?
Take a look at this.
We've gathered some evidence
pointing toward the spread
of a dangerous new type
of addictive drug.
Exhibit A:
Festive baggies, right?
The merchandise inside
is sprayed with narcotics
made from three grams'
worth of dried toxins.
But it's actually being sold
on the market as a kind of
trendy perfume.
It affects the brain
immediately, inducing a kind of
temporary high.
In some cases, it can cause
seizures, increased heart rate,
breathing issues, low blood
pressure, or brain injury.
The cells in your head
simply collapse and die.
[MAKOTO] Dude, can't you
make it illegal or something?
We can't ban a product outright
unless we can somehow
confirm its illicit substance.
And therein lies the conundrum.
A dealer can add in a large
quantity of vitamin E
to act as a masking agent
whenever they mix in
other chemicals to prep
it to be shipped out.
It can take several months to
properly analyze a sample.
Fortunately, regulations
have come a long way,
and we've seen a decrease in the
number of large dispensaries.
On the other hand, the
traffickers keep finding
legal loopholes that allow
them to make new chemicals
outside of regulation.
And they get more and more
sly about how they sell.
It's a game of cat and mouse.
I guess even the police
can't touch these guys.
Sounds like a tough situation.
What, so you're
just gonna give up?
Well, let's see.
First things first, I think
we should check out
their Headquarters.
The shops do everything
they can to look like
they operate above board.
I doubt you'll find
anything too suspicious
if you waltz in without a plan.
[MAKOTO] The pushers are
small-time, though.
There's gotta be some
weak spot we can crack.
Besides, I can't quit fightin'
till I do right by Mion's mom.
No telling what this
kid will do if I don't.
I'll figure it out.
And I'm gonna do it
my way, got it?
I actually feel kinda sorry
for those shmucks
now that you're
coming after them.
Listen.
You still need to tread lightly
since there might be bigger
factions at play.
Be sure not to try
anything too risky.
[MAKOTO]
Copy. I'll be careful.
Come on.
Go home already, kid.
Didn't Big Rei tell us
we should be careful?
No way!
I want a good look at those
punk losers who hurt my mom!
What, are you gonna stop me?
Yeah, totally.
We're sellin' through
all the stock.
Smells nice.
This is the new stuff
you got, right?
[CLERK A]
Yeah. It just came in.
It's way pricier at other shops.
They don't look
like street junkies.
We don't know who is
involved with drugs here.
Some of the customers probably
think this is a normal shop.
There are other stores here.
This building has plenty of
businesses who aren't involved
in anything illegal.
Mion, if we hadn't caught
you, then other people
would've gotten
hurt by the fire.
Hey there, folks.
Now what can I do for ya?
Wait a second, minors
aren't allowed in here!
[OHKOSHI yells]
That stuff was primo stock!
Let's go!
Don't just stand there!
We need to make them pay!
You didn't have to throw
that jar, you know!
Sorry. I just kind of panicked!
C'mere!
[MAKOTO]
Don't look back!
This way!
[CLERK A]
Hey!
You ready? We gotta jump!
[MION gasps]
Hurry up, there's no time!
[CLERK A]
Upstairs!
Crap!
[MION] Wait, I think
we're in the clear!
You don't know that.
There's a place up ahead
that we can get into
from the roof.
We can lose him in there!
What happened to all that talk
about me playing it safe?
That's why I decided to take
the easy route this time.
Quit complaining!
[MAKOTO] Whoo!
Man, talk about a close call!
Coulda gone better.
Yeah.
But they didn't find out who we
were or why we were there,
so we got off easy.
They probably thought
they were dealing with
a couple of weirdos.
[YOSHIOKA]
Yo kiddo, it's been a while.
[MAKOTO]
Yoshioka.
Another friend of yours?
[MION]
Oh. So you're a policeman too?
Yeah.
Much like everyone
else, this boy and I
have quite the history together.
And you wouldn't believe all the
trouble I've seen him get into.
[MION]
Like what?
Well, let's see.
When Makoto was
younger, your age,
we had him and his pals
held in protective custody
and caught them trying
to sneak a peek into
the ladies' changing room.
Hey, I keep telling you
not to bring that up!
Jeez! This is exactly why
I actively try to avoid you.
Look. He's grown into such
a respectable young man.
By the way, it's a shame what
happened to your mother.
I've been wanting to dig up
some dirt on that shop
for a while now myself.
Which is why I take
the occasional stroll
around this neighborhood.
She and I can cover a lot
more ground than the police,
and we can get back to you
with any leads we find.
If you're willing to share
any intel you have with us.
Don't be dumb.
Why would a detective share
classified info with a civilian?
Ohkoshi.
That's the name of the man
who owns the tower.
I can't give you anything else.
[MION]
Thanks a bunch, detective!
You ready?
[ZERO-ONE]
Bingo bango.
Based on what I found
from the dark web
and some old pharma news,
this dude's our
most likely target.
[MION]
That's him!
[ZERO-ONE]
Yep, that's Ohkoshi.
He's a big deal in
the meds scene.
What's more...
I broke into one of the
tower servers and managed
to steal some sales
data from them.
That's nothing for
a master hacker.
With a few clicks he can access
any information you might need.
He's Zero-One. Remember that.
[ZERO-ONE] Sales usually dip
once a week on Wednesdays.
I bet he's closing up early.
Probably to check his stock
numbers or hold a staff meeting.
So, in other words,
Wednesdays are the
day that Ohkoshi...
...comes to the store.
Most likely, anyway.
[MION laughs]
[MAKOTO] A mover like him
doesn't just play shop.
I bet he dabbles in hardcore
illegal stuff, too.
He has to be scoring them
through some secret channel.
If we peep where it goes down,
then we can tip off the police.
[HIROTO] We've been tailing the
suspect for most of the week.
He's got a handful of other
boutiques and checks in
on a different one each day.
Every other day, he drops by
an old apartment complex
before going home.
Maybe that apartment is where
we'll find our next clue.
[HIROTO]
When it's not Ohkoshi,
it's the Smoke Tower clerk who
stops in after closing time.
We managed to snag the access
code from some security footage.
From here on, it could get ugly.
You'd better wait
for us in the car.
Be careful now. Don't die!
You best hang back too.
We're less suspicious
if it's just us.
Huh?
This is it.
[MAKOTO] I mean, this is
about as illegal as it gets.
It's what they call
a homegrown setup.
He was cultivating natural
products and making
dangerous synthetics.
Interesting.
Think he has a license?
[MAKOTO]
Doubt it.
Looks like we've got him.
[MION]
So, are you a G-Boy too?
Yeah.
And are you friends with Makoto?
Not exactly.
Him and the King happen
to be close buds is all.
He's cool, but homeboy's
not really one of us.
Oh, okay.
[HIROTO]
What's up?
That's the clerk from
the Smoke Tower shop!
The clerk?
He shouldn't be here already.
Hey, where ya goin' kid?
Ow!
What's your damage,
you little turd?
Get back here!
[CLERK A]
Gotcha. There we go!
Makoto!
I got you now, Mion.
You good?
Makoto!
Not bad.
It looks like you got
to hog the fun today.
[MAKOTO] We made quick
work of the case after that.
Since they knew
what I looked like,
we had some G-Boys
infiltrate the Tower instead.
Posing as customers,
they secretly planted
the homegrown drugs we found.
Meanwhile, Zero-One hit send,
and an anonymous tip
was sent to the police.
After receiving the report,
Yoshioka and his team
searched the shop.
The two pushers were arrested.
The store shut down,
and North Gate Smoke Tower
vanished from Ikebukuro.
Another job in the can.
[MION]
Makoto!
So uh, look who's out
of the hospital now!
Hi, I'm Mion's mother.
Thank you so much for
looking after my little angel.
Nah. She practically
took care of me.
I got her caught up, but I left
out some of the details.
So, make sure you play it cool.
Don't worry, I won't tell.
Keep it between us kids.
It turns out grown-ups aren't
as lame as I thought they were.
I don't know what it's
like to have a father,
but I bet it might be nice to
have one as long as they
were as awesome as you!
There's still
something buggin' me.
It's just...
Big Rei told us how
dispensaries like that have
huge organizations backin' 'em.
But we still don't
know who they are.
I doubt there's anyone
plotting to get even here.
If they are, they don't
know us at all.
[MAKOTO] Sure. But...
the clerk at the shop?
He definitely wasn't
from around here.